# ContosoLights-ChatBot
# PROBLEM STATEMENT:
Customers have difficulties in getting their doubts cleared from a small scale businesses. So here I have developed a chatbot for Contoso Lights, A smart tech company. "ContosoLights-ChatBot" is a chatbot which will reply the queries from the customers to help them get a knowledge of the product.

# DESCRIPTION:
In our project we used many azure services for creating a chatbot for business to customer communication which gives information about the product, the way of business they do, Contoso lights give amazing smart devices. Information about those products are clarified by this chatbot. This chatbot is built using Azure AI/ML services. QnA Maker is a cloud based Natural Language Processing(NLP) service that allows you to create a natural conversational layer over your data. It is used to find the most appropriate answer for any input from your custom knowledge base (KB) of information. QnA Maker is commonly used to build conversational client applications which include social media applications, which include social media applications, chat bots, and speech-enabled desktop applications. With the help of Azure QnA maker we can prebuilt or upload the questionaries for our chatbot. Here, we've used Azure Bot Service to add chatbot to our google site. Azure Bot Service can be added to websites, apps, email, GroupMe, Facebook Messenger, KiK, Skype, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Telegram, SMS, Twilio, Cortana and Skype for Business. In App Service(Web Apps, API Apps, or Mobile Apps), an app always runs in an App Service plan. Azure Application Insight is use it to monitor your live applications. It will automatically detect performance anomalies, and includes powerful analytics tools to help you diagnose issues and to understand what users actually do with your app. It's designed to help you continuously improve performance and usability. Hence with the help of above technologies we have integrated our chatbot to the google site which we have created

# INTRODUCTION:
ContosoLights-ChatBot is simple chatbot answering all your questions related to the product like smart lights and devices. Infact this chatbot also guides you to what to do if you have some doubt at some point. Using Azure Cognitive Services provided by Microsoft Azure and website created using google sites, makes this amazing chatbot unique. All you have to do is simple ask our chatbot what you want to know.

# TECHNOLOGIES USED:
  * Microsoft Azure
